// assignment starts  //

Create a form to accept

Full Name (only alphabets and spaces allowed, min two words each with min 4 chars)




Email (Email validation)




Phone number (Pay attention to this format as per below instructions)


Only numbers to be allowed to type



make the number appear like (123) - 456 - 7890 

the user is not allowed to add spaces/brackets/hyphens, that should be handled by the script and it should happen in real time and not after all the 10 digits are typed in.


The first 3 digits represent the mobile provider and its logo should appear beside the box, based on following conditions

if the 3 digits fall between 621 - 799, then its Reliance Jio

if the 3 digits fall between 801 - 920, then its Idea

if the 3 digits fall between 921 - 999 then its Vodafone



everything else is an invalid number. 

The next 3 digits represent the state in India. 

I will let you to decide which number represents which state but there has to be only 36 valid numbers (28 states and 8 UTs)

show the state name beside the mobile provider beside the box, eg Jio, Maharashtra.

everything else is an invalid number

Last 4 digits could be any combination.



Submit Button






Once the user submits the form, create a 4 digit random number, Replace the form with following message and form:

Dear <First name of the user and not full name>,

Thank you for your inquiry. A 4 digit verification number has been sent to your phone number: <valid phone number from previous page>, please enter in the following box and submit for confirmation:

Text box for OTP and 'Validate' button. 

If the number matches the random number generated earlier, replace the OTP form with a 'Validation Successful!' and redirect the user to pixel6 home page.

else reset this OTP form and ask the user to reenter. If a user fails to enter the right number in 3 attempts, redirect the user to 404 (page not found) page on Pixel6 website.

// assignment ends //





The let keyword was introduced in ES6 (2015).

Variables defined with let cannot be Redeclared.

Variables defined with let must be Declared before use.

Variables defined with let have Block Scope.